refactor: svelte integration (#71)
windicss/docs: integrations/svelte.md

Our Svelte integration uses the Svelte Preprocessor API, therefore runs before compilation step. This brings some limitations for dynamic changed classes.

## Documentation

### Options

```js
import { windi } from 'svelte-windicss-preprocess'
// ...
windi({
  silent?: boolean, // default: false
  mode?: 'development' | 'production', // default: process.env.NODE_ENV
  configPath?: string, // no default
  disableFormat?: boolean, // default: false
  useDevTools?: {
    enabled?: boolean, // default: false
  },
})
```

### Setup VS Code Extension

If you are using [Svelte for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svelte.svelte-vscode) you need to adapt your config.

Add `"svelte.plugin.css.diagnostics.enable": false` to your VS Code configuration file.

## Setup Guides

Here are two guides for Svelte and SvelteKit using their starter template.

### Svelte

get started template and install package from npm
```sh
npx degit sveltejs/template svelte-project
npm i -D svelte-windicss-preprocess
```

remove not needed global css file to prevent style breaks
```diff
- ./public/global.css
```

> remove styleheet link in `index.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remove stylesheet link in `index.html`
```

      resolve({
        browser: true,
        dedupe: ['svelte']
      }),
      commonjs(),

      // In dev mode, call `npm run start` once
      // the bundle has been generated
      !production && serve(),

      // Watch the `public` directory and refresh the
      // browser on changes when not in production
      !production && livereload('public'),

      // If we're building for production (npm run build
      // instead of npm run dev), minify
      production && terser()
    ],
    watch: {
      clearScreen: false
    }
  };
```

update `App.svelte`
```diff
  <script>
    export let name;
  </script>

  <main>
    <h1>Hello {name}!</h1>
    <p>Visit the <a href="https://svelte.dev/tutorial">Svelte tutorial</a> to learn how to build Svelte apps.</p>
  </main>

+ <style windi:preflights:global windi:safelist:global>
+ </style>
- <style>
-   main {
-     text-align: center;
-     padding: 1em;
-     max-width: 240px;
-     margin: 0 auto;
-   }
-
-   h1 {
-     color: #ff3e00;
-     text-transform: uppercase;
-     font-size: 4em;
-     font-weight: 100;
-   }
-
-   @media (min-width: 640px) {
-    main {
-       max-width: none;
-     }
-   }
- </style>
```

> ### Sveltekit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SvelteKit
```

> If you are using [Vite] as an bundler, check out [Vite SvelteKit guide]

get started template and install package from npm
```sh
npm init svelte@next sveltekit-project
npm i -D svelte-windicss-preprocess
```
add [svelte-windicss-preprocess] config to `svelte.config.js`
```diff
+ import { windi } from "svelte-windicss-preprocess";
  /** @type {import('@sveltejs/kit').Config} */
  const config = {

> +	preprocess: [
> +		windi({})
> +	],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+   preprocess: [
+     windi({})
+   ],
```

Reviewer: replace tab to space 2

<PackageInfo name="svelte-windicss-preprocess" author="alexanderniebuhr" />

Our Svelte integration uses the Svelte Preprocessor API, therefore runs before compilation step. This brings some limitations for dynamic changed classes.

## Documentation

### Options

```js
import { windi } from 'svelte-windicss-preprocess'
// ...
windi({
  silent?: boolean, // default: false
  mode?: 'development' | 'production', // default: process.env.NODE_ENV
  configPath?: string, // no default
  disableFormat?: boolean, // default: false
  useDevTools?: {
    enabled?: boolean, // default: false
  },
})
```

### Setup VS Code Extension

If you are using [Svelte for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svelte.svelte-vscode) you need to adapt your config.

Add `"svelte.plugin.css.diagnostics.enable": false` to your VS Code configuration file.

> ## Example Setup Guides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup Guides
```

> Here are two guides for Svelte and Sveltekit using the template provided by them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are two guides for Svelte and SvelteKit using their starter template.
```

        browser: true,
        dedupe: ['svelte']
      }),
      commonjs(),

      // In dev mode, call `npm run start` once
      // the bundle has been generated
      !production && serve(),

      // Watch the `public` directory and refresh the
      // browser on changes when not in production
      !production && livereload('public'),

      // If we're building for production (npm run build
      // instead of npm run dev), minify
      production && terser()
    ],
    watch: {
      clearScreen: false
    }
  };
```

update `App.svelte`
```diff
  <script>
    export let name;
  </script>

  <main>
    <h1>Hello {name}!</h1>
    <p>Visit the <a href="https://svelte.dev/tutorial">Svelte tutorial</a> to learn how to build Svelte apps.</p>
  </main>

+ <style windi:preflights:global windi:safelist:global>
+ </style>
- <style>
-   main {
-     text-align: center;
-     padding: 1em;
-     max-width: 240px;
-     margin: 0 auto;
-   }
-
-   h1 {
-     color: #ff3e00;
-     text-transform: uppercase;
-     font-size: 4em;
-     font-weight: 100;
-   }
-
-   @media (min-width: 640px) {
-    main {
-       max-width: none;
-     }
-   }
- </style>
```

### Sveltekit

> > Sveltekit uses [vite] as an bundler, there is an suggested alternative integration using our [vite sveltekit guide]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are using [vite] as an bundler, check out [vite sveltekit guide]
```
